DAN: I still can't believe we said goodbye to our Bakugan.
But after battling with us to save Earth,
Drago still had to unite the Bakugan's
splintered homeworld.
And the only way to do that was to become the new core
of New Vestroia himself.
With the six realms of Vestroia reunited,
our friends could finally return home
to the world of the Bakugan...
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: Our Bakugan buddies were enjoying peace
on New Vestroia for the first time in centuries.
Ahhhhh!
DAN: But I guess all good things have to come to an end.
[\u266a]
By the spirits!
[screams]
Coming through!
Noooo!
They've trapped us.
We're helpless!
Can't... resist!
Noooo!
[evil chuckle]
Huh?
Everything's slowing...
Whoa!
Am I seeing things?
Is that... Vestroia?
No way.
Mommy, wait for me.
Huh... That was weird.
Something's not right. I can feel it.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in...
Give up, Baron?
As if!
Ability activate!
Pyra-might!
Skid Roa!
Take them... Helios.
Ability activate...
Burst Core!
[\u266a]
Nemus!
Focus, Baron.
We have a battle to win.
You're right...
Bakugan Brawl!
[Roar]
Now you must answer to Tigrerra!
So you are the last of the new Six Fighting Bakugans.
I may be the last, but Drago and Wavern sacrificed
too much for this world to let you take it
without a fight...
Right Baron? [Roar]
Ability activate!
Velocity Fang!
[\u266a]
That... tickles!
What?
You're still standing?
As long as the Burst Core is active...
All of your power is useless, Tigrerra.
[\u266a]
Say goodbye to the last of the Bakugan Six.
Baron, do something!
Right! Ability activate!
No one can hide from the light of my...
Shining Force!
Don't you get it?
Helios and I are...
Invincible!
Ability activate.
General Quasar!
Nemus! Move!
Tigrerra!
I'm sorry Drago... I've failed you.
[glass breaks]
Oh no. My favourite picture.
The crack runs right through Tigrerra.
I lost.
M-hmm.
And now I'll take your Bakugan.
DRAGO: Tigrerra too?
Is this to be my fate?
I ask you ancestors,
am I doomed to watch my friends fall defending the world
I sacrificed everything to protect?
Answer me!
We hear you, Drago.
And we have come.
We are with you in the Core.
DRAGO: The ancient warriors of Vestroia?
Then there is hope!
There is always hope.
Each of us sacrificed much to save our world.
Just as you have sacrificed, oh courageous Drago.
But now New Vestroia faces a danger unlike any other.
And in this time of time of need,
we ask you to sacrifice once again, young dragonoid.
You are the only one who can save our world now.
DRAGO: But what can I do?
I'm not a dragonoid any more.
I am the Perfect Core that balances and binds the world.
If I were to leave, New Vestroia would separate
and that would mean the end of everything.
There is a way.
If we combine our power you can separate from the Core
and regenerate your body.
But what of New Vestroia?
You must leave behind enough energy
to sustain the Core, Drago.
But it can be done.
Then we must do it right away!
Agreed...
But you must accept the consequences.
Once you are separated from the Core,
you will not be as powerful as you once were,
and you will not look the same.
None of that matters.
I'd give anything to battle for our world again...
Help me ancient warriors.
Help me to save New Vestroia!
Very well, Drago.
[Drago screams]
I feel like I'm being ripped apart!
You must endure, Drago!
It is done.
Remember Drago.
You cannot find victory alone.
You will need a partner.
May fate smile on you and the one you choose.
DRAGO: Ha! I don't have to choose.
There's only one human I would ever call partner!
You called... my prince?
Spectra, this sudden thunder is most distressing.
Where did it come from?
There seems to be a disturbance in the Perfect Core.
But I believe it will pass shortly.
I see...
I don't like thunder...
I don't like surprises either, Spectra.
DAN: I left a message for Shun.
But he hasn't returned my call.
He never does.
Is that a ninja thing or what?
You probably lost your cool and annoyed him again.
I never lose my cool!
Boring!
Are those two pretending to hate each other again...
Change the channel!
Why don't you try Shun one more time?
I've already called him like, a billion times.
Still can't connect.
Something is interfering.
[scream]
Whoa!
No, it can't be!
DRAGO: Sure it can, Dan!
Everything is possible!
[laughter]
A... Bakugan!
But which one?
Hello, Daniel
Drago?
Is that you, man?
Of course...
Who else could make an entrance like that?
Drago's back! Drago's back! Drago's back!
Is it true?
I can't believe it, Drago's really back?
He is! Take a look!
It's good to see you Brawlers.
All of you.
Hooray! Hooray!
Umm...Drago...
Can Gorem come visit too?
And what about Tigrerra?
How's Preyas?
I can't wait to see him again, Drago!
I'm sorry.
I'm not here for a visit.
I'm here to ask for your help.
What's happened?
New Vestroia has been invaded.
Most of the Bakugan have been captured and enslaved.
[gasps]
Are you kidding?
It's no joke.
That's why I came to you, Dan.
I can't save them alone.
Drago...
Will you help me, Dan?
Hello! You bet I will!
We'll make those \"spaced\" invaders wish they'd never
heard of Dan and Drago!
And Runo!
And Julie!
Yes!
We're all here to help, Drago.
Thank you...
The first thing you can do to help me is to turn around.
All of you.
Okay.
Since when was he so shy?
Dan, I can't take the others.
It's got to be you and I alone.
I'm sorry.
We have to go now, Dan.
Hurry.
What? But... Okay.
Can we turn around yet, Drago?
How long does it take for a Bakugan to change anyway?
[gasp]
Those rats ditched us!
Either that or they're digging a pool!
No fair!
Come on you guys, take us with you!
I don't believe it!
Sorry, Dan.
I don't want to get you in trouble with the others.
Ahhh... We're cool, Drago.
I'm taking a big risk contacting humans again.
I know I can count on you but I can't put the others
in harm's way.
It's just too dangerous.
MARUCHO: Sounds more like you're hogging all the fun!
HUH?
BOTH: Marucho?
No sneaking away on me!
I'm coming with you guys!
Isn't it awesome?
DAN: Stay tuned for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
MIRA: Welcome back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
So the Vexos took down Tigrerra too...
Well, at least Nemus is safe.
Thank you, Baron...
Come back and get some rest...
What's up, Ace?
An unidentified Bakugan in quadrant G1.
Looks like he's brought along two humans for company.
Those kids won't last ten minutes out there.
[THINKING]: That makes no sense...
DAN: So this is New Vestroia?
MARUCHO: I remember it being kind of greener.
Tell us what happened to your home, Drago.
It was a paradise before...
before they came.
Sorry Drago...
You must have felt pretty helpless
having to watch all this happen.
I did... [sigh]
Let me start at the beginning...
One day, with no warning,
alien ships descended upon our land...
They called themselves the Vestals
and they came to stay...
They planted their cities, one after another in our earth...
With no regard for life as we knew it.
They transmitted a destructive energy field
across New Vestroia.
An energy which changed the molecular balance
of everything in its path.
This energy also transformed all the Bakugan
back into spheres.
Is that so they could overpower you easily?
Yes, then they began to capture all the Bakugan.
One after another...
Preyas... Gorem... Skyress... Hydranoid...
Tigrerra...
All gone.
But that's just plain rude!
That's so rank...
If they think they can just waltz onto this planet...
And take over the Bakugan
then they'll have to answer to me...
You hear me?
I hear you.
But what're you going to do about it?
Just who I was looking for.
Go home to your toys... children.
You better go back to where you came from.
Surrender to you?
[maniacal laugh]
This I gotta see.
Pretty big talk for a little kid...
Come on, show me whatcha got.
I'll send you home crying to your mommies.
Yeah, you better pay attention to what he says...
Dan and Drago are the greatest Bakugan Brawlers
in the universe.
What do you think, Volt?
Should we waste some time teaching these little
squirts a lesson?
It should be easy.
They don't have gauntlets.
What are gauntlets?
Eh, who needs them...
All I need is Drago.
[laughs] Tooo funny!
[screams]
Not her again...
I don't know where you come from
or what you're doing here...
But you'll need a gauntlet to brawl in New Vestroia.
I don't take orders from Vestals.
I lead the Bakugan Brawler Resistance...
My name is Mira.
You're pretty...
and scary...
First let's see if you can keep up...
against the Vexos.
The Vexos?
MIRA: Yes, they're Vestals' top Bakugan Brawlers.
The big one with no brains is Volt.
The baby who thinks he's cool is Lync.
Hey... Watch your mouth.
Like he said.
They're mine.
So human...
Tell me, are you a chicken or a Brawler?
I'm no chicken!
Come on. Let me at those creeps...
I'll show them!
Fine... Let's go.
Finally the talking stops.
We accept your challenge.
It's almost too easy...
to be fun.
Want fun?
GAUNTLET: Gauntlet activated.
Gauntlet Power Strike!
BOTH: Power Strike!
How's this work?
Push this?
GAUNTLET: Gauntlet activated.
Now the Ability Card.
I rock!
MIRA: This dweeb has no idea what he's doing.
I can't believe I've sunk this low.
Show them what you're made of!
Right!
I'm first... Okay kiddies?
Gate card set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Ventos Fly Beetle!
Bakugan Brawl! Bakugan Stand!
Haos Verias!
Hoo! Hah!
Hiyeeeeeee! Oh yeah!
What are you waiting for?
Christmas?
MIRA: I don't need an invitation to crash your party.
I'll take the lead. You follow...
Watch carefully.
Hey kid, when are you gonna stop hiding behind Mira
and come out and play?
Why you!
Cool down, hot head!
No one calls me a coward!
We do! Ha!
Ready, pal? Ready.
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Ow! Ow! Oooowww!
What is that?
Fly Beetle! Look out!
Got 'em now!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
DRAGO: Burning Dragon!
I don't believe it...
He beat them both!
Drago!
How does it feel to be back in the saddle?
Great Dan!
I've missed you, partner!
Lookin' good, Buddy!
Feeling good!
MIRA: Lync's Life Gauge dropped by half with just one blow!
He's the most powerful Brawler I've ever seen.
Hey... What is a Life Gauge, anyway?
MIRA: Whatever power level you lose in battle,
your Life Gauge goes down as well.
And when it hits zero, you've lost.
I like this...
A Bakugan breakthrough...
A clean, clear way to decide who the winner will be.
What are you looking at?
A partner who's a show off...
Come on... We've got to win this game.
I know that Bakugan...
Drago? Drago?
Where have I heard that name before?
It's my turn to play...
Gate card set!
Bakugan Brawl! Bakugan Stand!
Subterra Willda!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Haos Freezer!
I've got your number, Mira!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Ventus Atmos!
Gate card open!
Subterra Reactor!
GAUNTLET: Power level increase detected.
You think you're so clever...
Ability Activate!
Typhoon Chase!
GAUNTLET: Power level increase.
Man! He really is a blowhard!
Double ability, activate.
No way!
GAUNTLET: Ability card set!
Power Winder Plus Gun Lock!
GAUNTLET: Power surge detected.
Amazing!
She activated two abilities at the same time!
Awesome...
I didn't know it was possible.
I'll take care of this one, kid...
You've got a few things to learn.
Say what?
Fine. I'll just sit here...
There's so much I've got to learn from you, teacher.
DRAGO: Calm down.
Yeah, calm down.
Man, he is such a baby...
That's his problem...
Let's go!
Go! Willda attack!
Bring it! Ability Activate!
Freeze Jail!
Oh no!
You take too much for granted.
Abilities don't help if you can't use them!
Go Atmos!
Freezer!
Willda!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Maybe you should watch and learn...
Time to activate ability...
Double ability, that is!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Burst Shield plus...
Burning Dragon!
Let's go, Drago!
Drago...
GAUNTLET: Power loss detected.
Oh yeah! That did the trick.
MARUCHO: Nice work with the gauntlet, Dan!
I'm back in the battle!
MIRA: Who is this human?
He captured two Bakugan in one brawl
and didn't even break a sweat.
He used a gauntlet and executed a combination
Ability attack perfectly on his very first try.
That should have taken hours of practice to even start.
LYNC: I remember now.
That, my friend, is one of the six fighting Bakugan
who saved Vestroia...
Meet Pyrus Draganoid, Ya Salamander.
Then you two must be...
I'm Dan Kuso... At your service.
I'm Choji Marukura...
But call me Marucho.
Dan... Marucho...
Now it's clear.
You're part of the Six Bakugan Brawlers.
Well, we're two of them anyway...
Whaddya think, Marucho...
Sounds like we've become famous.
Pretty cool.
Except we didn't even know it.
Famous shmamous...
They're still toast.
Next time we'll get your autographs.
Sure! Just run away.
Come back, cowards!
MIRA: With these two on our side, maybe,
just maybe we have a chance to save New Vestroia after all.
DAN: Next time Mira fills us in on the Bakugan Brawler
Resistance and their struggle against the Vexos
for New Vestroia.
Then this hot shot, Ace, challenges me and Drago
to a grudge match.
Even though he's on Mira's team,
he doesn't like outsiders like us.
Whatever!
I'm always up for a Brawl.
Can Drago and I show Ace who's boss?
Check out the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers
and find out!
Don't miss... Facing Ace!
Drago! Bakugan Brawl!
Catch you later.